First of all, alt-z every one of my pages.
Secondly, html pages are not in use, they were what I started with to work offline. Once I needed php, I swapped everything over, but kept the originals as a fallback point.

This is a collection of what I will call, important notes, at the point of being mostly satisfied with the state of my website.
Though the code is annotated, I feel this is an ideal way to convey a few important things.

Naturally, having not learned CSS or JAVA up until this point, so most of my information was acquired through googling and AI'ing solutions. I made it a point to not have AI write my code, but to instead give me the syntax required to accomplish certain things. This was primarly for PHP that we've yet to learn, JAVA SCRIPT, which we haven't learned period, and CSS, which is indeed the devil.

JAVASCRIPT NOTES
I used Java exclusively on the pizza building page. I wanted a reactive output for all of the selected items that the user chooses. I heavily annotated the script given I was essentially asking google or grok "How do I do this and that".

I did not have the AIs create code for me, but instead used them to come up with syntax that I could use as an example to accomplish different tasks. You will see this if you check my commits, as they are many, and I had to change, alter, and correct much of it as I wrote it.

I now have a greater understanding of it, to the point where I was able to make changes on my own without any advice from the robots, which is nice.

I have heavily annotated it, namely for myself, to understand what everything is doing. Any feedback on my understanding would be appreciated.

PHP NOTES
At this point in time, my php though functional, has many strange inconsistencies throughout it. Things like '' or "" being used seemingly at random at points. Echos and prints also being used randomly. I intend to spend some time to go over it all and make it more syntactically consistent.

Like java, a lot of what I wanted to do was beyond the scope of what we had been taught, however since we already have had some php examples, much of it came easier than the java, other than strange problems that just didn't want to work until they did. The main example being how many different ways I wrote number_format into the code to get my total cost output to read with trailing 0s.

CSS NOTES
Good God man. 

My CSS at this moment in time is an abomination, totaling nearly 500 lines of code. I intend to at least clean it up and determine what things are in fact no longer needed with all the changes I made. Ideally I want to break it up into seperate style sheets, though I know this will be a can of worms, and am hesitant to do it.

I will say though, I have a much better understanding of it now, having spent the majority of my time working on it.

FINAL THOUGHTS
There are things that I would like to do that I simply won't have time for.
- The place order button should not be useable if the cart is empty.
- The cart should save your selected items
- The cart should also be able to display a drop down menu when clicked on
- You should be able to build multiple different pizzas
- The CSS should be completely overhauled so that it works in any browser without screwing up the layout of everything.
- My custom made gifs are not my finest work, but I didn't want to waste to much time on them
- The checkout boxes should only work with specified input types that are beyond the scope of html and php

I have worked on this for almost every day since the release of the assignment.

I am not perfectly satisfied with the outcome, but I am, none the less, satisfied with what I was able to accomplish.

I highly recommend you read the privacy, terms of service page. It is my finest work.

Hope you enjoy your time at PAPAPIA PIZZARIA!
Cheers,
Michael Emdin-Hogenbirk